Update markdown documentation in the root folder of the project (#359)
andregasser/bigbone: README.md

the [Mastodon social media network](https://joinmastodon.org/) from Java and Kotlin code. Unfortunately, it became 
abandoned and has not seen any updates since 2018. 

Since Elon Musk's Twitter acquisition in 2022, Mastodon has gained tremendous popularity. A project that is so well 
received by the community deserves to have up-to-date and maintained client libraries. Because of this, we brought the 
Mastodon4J project back to life in November 2022. That's when this project, the BigBone client library for Java and 
Kotlin, was born. May it serve you well in your Mastodon-related endeavours!

The name **BigBone** has mostly symbolic character. We have chosen the name BigBone for this library because Mastodons 
represent impressive animals from the Pleistocene, built of big and heavy bones. At the same time, we hope this library 
will build some sort of "skeleton" for your Mastodon-related projects. Interestingly, there is also 
[Big Bone Lick State Park in Kentucky](https://parks.ky.gov/union/parks/historic/big-bone-lick-state-historic-site) 
where American Mastodons have been excavated.

> # Project Team

Author: Added project team section, listing all the people who are actively working on the project.

# Why BigBone

BigBone is a fork of [Mastodon4J](https://github.com/sys1yagi/mastodon4j), a Mastodon client library for Java and Kotlin
that was published by Toshihiro Yagi. The goal of Mastodon4J was to provide an easy-to-use library for interacting with 
the [Mastodon social media network](https://joinmastodon.org/) from Java and Kotlin code. Unfortunately, it became 
abandoned and has not seen any updates since 2018. 

Since Elon Musk's Twitter acquisition in 2022, Mastodon has gained tremendous popularity. A project that is so well 
received by the community deserves to have up-to-date and maintained client libraries. Because of this, we brought the 
Mastodon4J project back to life in November 2022. That's when this project, the BigBone client library for Java and 

> Kotlin, was born. May it serve you well in your Mastodon-related endeavours!
> 
> The name **BigBone** has mostly symbolic character. We have chosen the name BigBone for this library because Mastodons 
> represent impressive animals from the Pleistocene, built of big and heavy bones. At the same time, we hope this library 
> will build some sort of "skeleton" for your Mastodon-related projects. Interestingly, there is also 
> [Big Bone Lick State Park in Kentucky](https://parks.ky.gov/union/parks/historic/big-bone-lick-state-historic-site) 
> where American Mastodons have been excavated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the BigBone client library for Java and Kotlin, was born.

The name **BigBone** mostly has symbolic character. We opted for it as a nod to the awe-inspiring Mastodons of the Pleistocene era,
characterised by their robust and colossal bones. We envision this library serving as a foundational _skeleton_ for your Mastodon-related projects.
Fun fact: There’s also [Big Bone Lick State Park in Kentucky](https://parks.ky.gov/union/parks/historic/big-bone-lick-state-historic-site),
a site where American Mastodons were excavated.
May the BigBone library be as enduring and impactful as its namesake, providing strength and structure to your Mastodon endeavours.
```

# Project Team

The project is currently taken care of by the following people:

> - [André Gasser](https://fosstodon.org/@andregasser)
> - [Andreas Bartels](https://fosstodon.org/@bocops)
> - [Patrick Geselbracht](@PattaFeuFeu@chaos.social)

Reviewer: As suggested on Slack, I’d go for the GitHub profiles rather than our Mastodon accounts. Our role in this project is mainly as developers, even if we’re all also on Mastodon.

```suggestion
- [André Gasser](https://github.com/andregasser)
- [Andreas Bartels](https://github.com/bocops/)
- [Patrick Geselbracht](https://github.com/pattafeufeu/)
```

- send direct messages to other people
- manage filters
- follow/unfollow hashtags

> - administer your Mastodon instance

Author: Mentioned the admin API features here
